Add two-fer disapproval comments (#1244)
exercism/website-copy: automated-comments/ruby/two-fer/splat_args.md

> Define an explicit `name` variable rather than using the splat argument keyword (`*`). This will make the code clearer to someone else reading it, and involves less manipulation to access the value of the argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define an explicit `name` variable rather than using the splat argument keyword (`*`). This makes the code clearer to read, and involves less manipulation to access the value of the argument.
```

It's not just for other people, but also for yourself in an arbitrary timeframe.
